Migrate docs to docs.nginx.com (#1226)
nginxinc/nginx-gateway-fabric: hugo/README.md

> # NGINX Gateway Fabric Docs

Reviewer: would it make sense to move this to https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-gateway-fabric/tree/main/docs/developer ?

as a dev guide there - documentation.md or writing-documentation.md

writing docs has already been part of our workflow, so I think it make sense to keep it next to the other related files.

Additionally, I suggest add a section here about Generating Documentation -- https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-gateway-fabric/blob/main/docs/developer/quickstart.md

Reviewer: we can also link to that guide from https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-gateway-fabric/blob/main/docs/developer/implementing-a-feature.md  Item 10 -- Update any relevant documentation:

Author: This makes sense. I have moved the file and relinked the files that have moved in the implementing-a-feature.md file.

I don't think we need to mention in-depth how to generate the documentation in the quickstar file. It's not required to get NGF running and the latest documentation will always be available at docs.nginx.com without the need to build it. I think it could be confusing for developers to have it there.

> # NGINX Gateway Fabric Docs

Author: I don't mind one way or another, it does not affect our workflow. We have used hugo in the same situation in a different repo (N4A) but I think I like `site`

This directory contains the user documentation for NGINX Gateway Fabric and the requirements for linting, building, and publishing the docs.

We use [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) to build the docs for NGINX, with the [nginx-hugo-theme](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-hugo-theme).

Docs should be written in Markdown.

In this directory, you will find the following files:

- a [Netlify](https://netlify.com) configuration file;
- configuration files for [markdownlint](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint/) and [markdown-link-check](https://github.com/tcort/markdown-link-check)
- a `./config` directory that contains the [Hugo](https://gohugo.io) configuration.

> ## Git Guidelines

Reviewer: the sections Git Guidelines, Forking and Pull Requests are not needed, because those are already covered by https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-gateway-fabric/blob/main/docs/developer/pull-request.md and https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-gateway-fabric/blob/main/docs/developer/branching-and-workflow.md

Author: linked to the specific files from the documentation readme

    
    ```shell
    git clone git@github.com:<your-account>/nginx-gateway-fabric.git
    ```

3. Check out a new feature branch in your fork. This is where you will work on your docs. 

   To do this via the command line, you would run the following command:

    ```shell
    git checkout -b <branch-name>
    ```

    **CAUTION**: Do not work on the main branch in your fork. This can cause issues when the NGINX Docs team needs to check out your feature branch for editing work.

4. Make atomic, [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) on your feature branch. 

5. When ready, open a pull request into the **main** branch in the **nginxinc/nginx-gateway-fabric** repo.
    
    - Fill in [our pull request template](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-gateway-fabric/blob/main/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md) when opening your PR.
    - Tag the appropriate reviewers for your subject area.  
      Technical reviewers should be able to verify that the information provided is accurate.  
      Documentation reviewers ensure that the content conforms to the NGINX Style Guide, is grammatically correct, and adheres to the NGINX content templates. 

> ## Release Management and Publishing

Reviewer: Can we move it here https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-gateway-fabric/blob/main/docs/developer/release-process.md , because it is release related?

Author: I have reworded this section to focus exclusively on the docs update process, with a link to the release process doc for content tied to upcoming releases.

**`Main`** is the default branch in this repo. All the latest content updates are merged into this branch. 

> The documentation is published from the latest public release branch, (for example, `release-4.0`). Work on your docs in feature branches off of the main branch. Open pull requests into the `main` when you are ready to merge your work.

Author: ✔️

    `hugo new <SECTIONNAME>/<FILENAME>.<FORMAT>`

  e.g.,

    hugo new install.md

  > The default template -- task -- should be used in most docs.
- To create other types of docs, you can add the `--kind` flag:
    `hugo new tutorials/deploy.md --kind tutorial`

The available kinds are:

- Task: Enable the customer to achieve a specific goal, based on use case scenarios.
- Concept: Help a customer learn about a specific feature or feature set.
- Reference: Describes an API, command line tool, config options, etc.; should be generated automatically from source code. 
- Troubleshooting: Helps a customer solve a specific problem.
- Tutorial: Walk a customer through an example use case scenario; results in a functional PoC environment.

### Format internal links

Format links as [Hugo relrefs](https://gohugo.io/content-management/cross-references/). 

> Note: Using file extensions when linking to internal docs with `relref` is optional.
  
- You can use relative paths or just the filename. 
- Paths without a leading `/` are first resolved relative to the current page, then to the remainder of the site.
- Anchors are supported.

For example:

```md

> To install NGINX Controller, refer to the [installation instructions]({{< ref "install" >}}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install NGINX Gateway Fabric, refer to the [installation instructions]({{< ref "install" >}}).
```

- collapse: makes a section collapsible
- table: adds scrollbars to wide tables when viewed in small browser windows or mobile browsers
- fa: inserts a Font Awesome icon
- include: include the content of a file in another file (requires the included file to be in the /includes directory)
- link: makes it possible to link to a static file and prepend the path with the Hugo baseUrl
- openapi: loads an OpenAPI spec and renders as HTML using ReDoc
- raw-html: makes it possible to include a block of raw HTML
- readfile: includes the content of another file in the current file; useful for adding code examples

## How to build docs locally

To view the docs in a browser, run the Hugo server. This will reload the docs automatically so you can view updates as you work.

> Note: The docs use build environments to control the baseURL that will be used for things like internal references and resource (CSS and JS) loading. 
> You can view the config for each environment in the [config](./config) directory of this repo.
When running the Hugo server, you can specify the environment and baseURL if desired, but it's not necessary.

For example:

```
hugo server
```

```

> hugo server -e development -b "http://127.0.0.1/nginx-gateway-fabric/"

Reviewer: will anyone be able o run it or it requires access to private (F5) repos?

Author: the only dependency is the hugo-theme which is in a public repo:
https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-hugo-theme
